PAPS is the infinite-purpose photo, video and camera toolbox with a fast, large-scale batch media editing. Just choose a tool and then select all the photos you need, then tap the button. That's all.

With PAPS, you can do anything all you needed for all your photos with just a tap.


The List of Tools -


Camera
The standard built-in camera which supports Depth Effect, RAW capture, and GPS metadata saving control for your privacy.


Auto Selection Bot (ASB System)
ASB is a multi-purpose assistant engine for choosing the right items in the current context for each tool.


Finder
Extracting every info such as phone numbers, addresses, dates, URLs or even flight code and the price info from your photos or screenshots, and then do right things. You also can translate or save them all as raw text.
Many actions are going to be updated!


Converter
Converter enables you to convert every media formats such as Videos, mp4 Video Live Photos, GIFs or Burst Photos into every each other.


Cleaner
Cleaner enables you to find and delete various kind of incorrect photos if they matched with duplicated and similar images, close-up face, too slow shutter speed, lock-screen shots, or videos that are saved by Instagram for example. More various actions would be added!


Framer
Resize, crop and fill with a blurred background to fit your photos(even also videos) by the various sizes of Instagram, Youtube or what you needed.


GIF Maker
GIF Maker allows for easily and quickly making GIF images from Photos or Live Photos with various options! Moreover, then you can open the converter app to convert into everything such as Live Photos or Videos.

• Multiple Photos, Burst Photos, Live Photos
• Custom quality and cropping ratio support
• Frame delay, direction(Forward, Reverse, Rewind), repetition control


EXIF Ghost
EXIF Ghost lets you remove all kinds of data containing your photos including private information.

• Selective metadata wiping support for all properties of GPS, EXIF, TIFF.


Memo Cam
An AI-powered text and info grabbing camera tool, MemoCam enables accurately detecting and then extracting/saving every information such as phone numbers, currency, barcodes, addresses, dates or URLs nearby with your camera, or via pictures already saved in Photos.


Adjustments
A highly professional photo editing tool to edit expertly for each property in detail, for example, exposure intensity, vignette radius or many more.


Rotation
This straightforward but large-scale batch image transform tool lets you quickly rotate and flip many media files including Live Photos and Videos. The simple tool has no limitation to the number of photos for editing them.

• Tested processing capacity: minimum 2000+a photos at one time.
• Optimized for multi-core processing. It depends on iDevice models.


Auto Editor
Auto Editor lets you edit automatically if your photos are needed to correct.

• Auto Enhance
• Auto Straighten
• Auto Crop
• Auto Red-Eye Removal


HashTag
Finding and collecting hashtags from your photos you selected.


Filters
Apply high-quality filters on your all photos you want. This batch processing tool has no limit to the number of photos to apply filters.

• Tested processing capacity: 2000+a photos at one time at mininum.
• Optimized for multi-core processing. It depends on image size and iDevice models.


PDFMaker
To make PDF document from multiple images with various page options.

• Page Size(e.g., A4 or US Legal), Margin, Scale, and Layout Mode Support
